As we approach the
end of our program,
it's important to start
thinking about ways
to engage with the
security community.
As the industry evolves,
it's essential to
stay up-to-date on
the latest security
trends and news.
Let's discuss a
few good resources
for you to review periodically.
What excites me about
the security profession
is the constant evolution
of the industry.
Take the OWASP top
10 for example.
Earlier in the program,
we discussed the
fact that this is
a globally recognized standard
awareness document that lists
the top 10 most
critical security risks
to web applications.
This list is updated
every three to four years,
so it's a great example of
the evolving nature
of the field.
Continuing your security
education beyond
this certificate program
will help you stand out to
hiring managers
and could give you
an extra edge over
other candidates
because it shows your
willingness to remain
current on what's
happening in the industry.
A few well-known security
websites and blogs to
get you started are CSO Online,
Krebs on Security,
and Dark Reading.
The CSO Online site
provides news,
analysis, and research on
various security and
risk management topics.
Many CSOs view this site
for tips and ideas.
It would be great
for you to review
this publication
every now and then.
Krebs on Security is an
in-depth security blog
created by former Washington
Post reporter, Brian Krebs.
This blog covers
security news and
investigations into
various cyber attacks.
Accessing the Krebs blog
is a good way to stay
up-to-date on the
latest security news
and happenings around the world.
Dark Reading is a
popular website
for security professionals.
This site provides
information about
various security topics like
analytics and
application security,
mobile and cloud security,
as well as the Internet
of Things, IOT.
Security is a constantly
evolving industry.
As professionals in security,
we must evolve with it by
seeking out new information.
Be sure to explore a few of
the websites and
blogs we discussed in
this video to stay
up-to-date with what's
happening in the industry.
Coming up, we'll
discuss how to become
engaged with the
security community and
ways to establish and advance
your career in security.
Bye for now.